c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LocaleParser\LocaleParser\obj\Debug\LocaleParser.FrmMain.resources
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LocaleParser\LocaleParser\obj\Debug\LocaleParser.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LocaleParser\LocaleParser\obj\Debug\LocaleParser.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LocaleParser\LocaleParser\obj\Debug\LocaleParser.exe
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LocaleParser\LocaleParser\obj\Debug\LocaleParser.pdb
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LocaleParser\LocaleParser\bin\Debug\LocaleParser.exe.config
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LocaleParser\LocaleParser\bin\Debug\LocaleParser.exe.manifest
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LocaleParser\LocaleParser\bin\Debug\LocaleParser.application
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LocaleParser\LocaleParser\bin\Debug\LocaleParser.exe
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LocaleParser\LocaleParser\bin\Debug\LocaleParser.pdb
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LocaleParser\LocaleParser\bin\Debug\Assembly-CSharp-firstpass.dll
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LocaleParser\LocaleParser\bin\Debug\ICSharpCode.SharpZipLib.dll
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LocaleParser\LocaleParser\bin\Debug\NPOI.dll
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LocaleParser\LocaleParser\bin\Debug\NPOI.OOXML.dll
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LocaleParser\LocaleParser\bin\Debug\NPOI.OpenXml4Net.dll
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LocaleParser\LocaleParser\bin\Debug\NPOI.OpenXmlFormats.dll
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LocaleParser\LocaleParser\bin\Debug\NPOI.xml
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LocaleParser\LocaleParser\obj\Debug\LocaleParser.TrustInfo.xml
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LocaleParser\LocaleParser\obj\Debug\LocaleParser.exe.manifest
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LocaleParser\LocaleParser\obj\Debug\LocaleParser.application
D:\LocaleParser\LocaleParser\bin\Debug\Assembly-CSharp-firstpass.dll
D:\LocaleParser\LocaleParser\bin\Debug\ICSharpCode.SharpZipLib.dll
D:\LocaleParser\LocaleParser\bin\Debug\NPOI.dll
D:\LocaleParser\LocaleParser\bin\Debug\NPOI.OOXML.dll
D:\LocaleParser\LocaleParser\bin\Debug\NPOI.OpenXml4Net.dll
D:\LocaleParser\LocaleParser\bin\Debug\NPOI.OpenXmlFormats.dll
D:\LocaleParser\LocaleParser\bin\Debug\NPOI.xml
D:\LocaleParser\LocaleParser\obj\Debug\LocaleParser.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
D:\LocaleParser\LocaleParser\obj\Debug\LocaleParser.FrmMain.resources
D:\LocaleParser\LocaleParser\obj\Debug\LocaleParser.FrmPatcher.resources
D:\LocaleParser\LocaleParser\obj\Debug\LocaleParser.Properties.Resources.resources
D:\LocaleParser\LocaleParser\obj\Debug\LocaleParser.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
D:\LocaleParser\LocaleParser\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
D:\LocaleParser\LocaleParser\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.pdb
D:\LocaleParser\LocaleParser\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
D:\LocaleParser\LocaleParser\bin\Debug\TosPatcher.exe.config
D:\LocaleParser\LocaleParser\bin\Debug\TosPatcher.exe.manifest
D:\LocaleParser\LocaleParser\bin\Debug\TosPatcher.application
D:\LocaleParser\LocaleParser\bin\Debug\TosPatcher.exe
D:\LocaleParser\LocaleParser\bin\Debug\TosPatcher.pdb
D:\LocaleParser\LocaleParser\obj\Debug\TosPatcher.TrustInfo.xml
D:\LocaleParser\LocaleParser\obj\Debug\TosPatcher.exe.manifest
D:\LocaleParser\LocaleParser\obj\Debug\TosPatcher.application
D:\LocaleParser\LocaleParser\obj\Debug\TosPatcher.exe
D:\LocaleParser\LocaleParser\obj\Debug\TosPatcher.pdb
C:\Users\Alex\Downloads\LocaleParser\LocaleParser\bin\Debug\TosPatcher.exe.config
C:\Users\Alex\Downloads\LocaleParser\LocaleParser\obj\Debug\TosPatcher.exe
C:\Users\Alex\Downloads\LocaleParser\LocaleParser\obj\Debug\TosPatcher.pdb
C:\Users\Alex\Downloads\LocaleParser\LocaleParser\bin\Debug\TosPatcher.exe.manifest
C:\Users\Alex\Downloads\LocaleParser\LocaleParser\bin\Debug\TosPatcher.application
C:\Users\Alex\Downloads\LocaleParser\LocaleParser\bin\Debug\TosPatcher.exe
C:\Users\Alex\Downloads\LocaleParser\LocaleParser\bin\Debug\TosPatcher.pdb
C:\Users\Alex\Downloads\LocaleParser\LocaleParser\bin\Debug\Assembly-CSharp-firstpass.dll
C:\Users\Alex\Downloads\LocaleParser\LocaleParser\bin\Debug\ICSharpCode.SharpZipLib.dll
C:\Users\Alex\Downloads\LocaleParser\LocaleParser\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\Alex\Downloads\LocaleParser\LocaleParser\bin\Debug\NPOI.dll
C:\Users\Alex\Downloads\LocaleParser\LocaleParser\bin\Debug\NPOI.OOXML.dll
C:\Users\Alex\Downloads\LocaleParser\LocaleParser\bin\Debug\NPOI.OpenXml4Net.dll
C:\Users\Alex\Downloads\LocaleParser\LocaleParser\bin\Debug\NPOI.OpenXmlFormats.dll
C:\Users\Alex\Downloads\LocaleParser\LocaleParser\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.pdb
C:\Users\Alex\Downloads\LocaleParser\LocaleParser\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\Alex\Downloads\LocaleParser\LocaleParser\bin\Debug\NPOI.xml
C:\Users\Alex\Downloads\LocaleParser\LocaleParser\obj\Debug\LocaleParser.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Alex\Downloads\LocaleParser\LocaleParser\obj\Debug\LocaleParser.FrmMain.resources
C:\Users\Alex\Downloads\LocaleParser\LocaleParser\obj\Debug\LocaleParser.FrmPatcher.resources
C:\Users\Alex\Downloads\LocaleParser\LocaleParser\obj\Debug\LocaleParser.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\Alex\Downloads\LocaleParser\LocaleParser\obj\Debug\LocaleParser.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\Alex\Downloads\LocaleParser\LocaleParser\obj\Debug\TosPatcher.TrustInfo.xml
C:\Users\Alex\Downloads\LocaleParser\LocaleParser\obj\Debug\TosPatcher.exe.manifest
C:\Users\Alex\Downloads\LocaleParser\LocaleParser\obj\Debug\TosPatcher.application
C:\Users\Alex\Downloads\LocaleParser\LocaleParser\obj\Debug\LocaleParser.FrmCutter.resources
F:\產品\LocaleParser\LocaleParser\obj\Debug\LocaleParser.FrmCutter.resources
F:\產品\LocaleParser\LocaleParser\obj\Debug\LocaleParser.FrmFrameChooser.resources
F:\產品\LocaleParser\LocaleParser\obj\Debug\LocaleParser.FrmMain.resources
F:\產品\LocaleParser\LocaleParser\obj\Debug\LocaleParser.FrmPatcher.resources
F:\產品\LocaleParser\LocaleParser\obj\Debug\LocaleParser.Properties.Resources.resources
F:\產品\LocaleParser\LocaleParser\obj\Debug\LocaleParser.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
F:\產品\LocaleParser\LocaleParser\obj\Debug\TosPatcher.TrustInfo.xml
F:\產品\LocaleParser\LocaleParser\obj\Debug\TosPatcher.exe.manifest
F:\產品\LocaleParser\LocaleParser\obj\Debug\TosPatcher.exe
F:\產品\LocaleParser\LocaleParser\obj\Debug\TosPatcher.pdb
F:\產品\LocaleParser\LocaleParser\bin\Debug\TosPatcher.exe.config
F:\產品\LocaleParser\LocaleParser\bin\Debug\TosPatcher.exe.manifest
F:\產品\LocaleParser\LocaleParser\bin\Debug\TosPatcher.application
F:\產品\LocaleParser\LocaleParser\bin\Debug\TosPatcher.exe
F:\產品\LocaleParser\LocaleParser\bin\Debug\TosPatcher.pdb
F:\產品\LocaleParser\LocaleParser\bin\Debug\ICSharpCode.SharpZipLib.dll
F:\產品\LocaleParser\LocaleParser\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
F:\產品\LocaleParser\LocaleParser\bin\Debug\NPOI.dll
F:\產品\LocaleParser\LocaleParser\bin\Debug\NPOI.OOXML.dll
F:\產品\LocaleParser\LocaleParser\bin\Debug\NPOI.OpenXml4Net.dll
F:\產品\LocaleParser\LocaleParser\bin\Debug\NPOI.OpenXmlFormats.dll
F:\產品\LocaleParser\LocaleParser\bin\Debug\System.Configuration.dll
F:\產品\LocaleParser\LocaleParser\bin\Debug\System.dll
F:\產品\LocaleParser\LocaleParser\bin\Debug\System.Xml.dll
F:\產品\LocaleParser\LocaleParser\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.pdb
F:\產品\LocaleParser\LocaleParser\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
F:\產品\LocaleParser\LocaleParser\bin\Debug\NPOI.xml
F:\產品\LocaleParser\LocaleParser\obj\Debug\TosPatcher.application
F:\產品\LocaleParser\LocaleParser\bin\Debug\Assembly-CSharp-firstpass.dll
F:\產品\LocaleParser\LocaleParser\bin\Debug\Assembly-CSharp.dll
F:\產品\LocaleParser\LocaleParser\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.TextRenderingModule.dll
F:\產品\LocaleParser\LocaleParser\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.CoreModule.dll
F:\產品\LocaleParser\LocaleParser\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.PhysicsModule.dll
F:\產品\LocaleParser\LocaleParser\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.Physics2DModule.dll
F:\產品\LocaleParser\LocaleParser\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.UI.dll
F:\產品\LocaleParser\LocaleParser\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.UnityWebRequestModule.dll
F:\產品\LocaleParser\LocaleParser\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.ParticlesLegacyModule.dll
F:\產品\LocaleParser\LocaleParser\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.ParticleSystemModule.dll
F:\產品\LocaleParser\LocaleParser\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.AudioModule.dll
F:\產品\LocaleParser\LocaleParser\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.AnimationModule.dll
F:\產品\LocaleParser\LocaleParser\bin\Debug\Unity.Compat.dll
F:\產品\LocaleParser\LocaleParser\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.UnityWebRequestWWWModule.dll
F:\產品\LocaleParser\LocaleParser\bin\Debug\Firebase.App.dll
F:\產品\LocaleParser\LocaleParser\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.GameCenterModule.dll
F:\產品\LocaleParser\LocaleParser\bin\Debug\Facebook.Unity.dll
F:\產品\LocaleParser\LocaleParser\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.UIModule.dll
F:\產品\LocaleParser\LocaleParser\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.ImageConversionModule.dll
F:\產品\LocaleParser\LocaleParser\bin\Debug\Assembly-UnityScript-firstpass.dll
F:\產品\LocaleParser\LocaleParser\bin\Debug\Crypto.dll
F:\產品\LocaleParser\LocaleParser\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.ScreenCaptureModule.dll
F:\產品\LocaleParser\LocaleParser\bin\Debug\Photon3Unity3D.dll
F:\產品\LocaleParser\LocaleParser\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.IMGUIModule.dll
F:\產品\LocaleParser\LocaleParser\bin\Debug\Firebase.Messaging.dll
F:\產品\LocaleParser\LocaleParser\bin\Debug\Unity.Tasks.dll
F:\產品\LocaleParser\LocaleParser\bin\Debug\P31RestKit.dll
F:\產品\LocaleParser\LocaleParser\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.JSONSerializeModule.dll
F:\產品\LocaleParser\LocaleParser\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.UnityWebRequestAudioModule.dll
F:\產品\LocaleParser\LocaleParser\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.dll
F:\產品\LocaleParser\LocaleParser\bin\Debug\Facebook.Unity.Settings.dll
F:\產品\LocaleParser\LocaleParser\bin\Debug\Boo.Lang.dll
F:\產品\LocaleParser\LocaleParser\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.AIModule.dll
F:\產品\LocaleParser\LocaleParser\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.UnityWebRequestTextureModule.dll
F:\產品\LocaleParser\LocaleParser\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.DirectorModule.dll
F:\產品\LocaleParser\LocaleParser\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.UnityConnectModule.dll
F:\產品\LocaleParser\LocaleParser\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.ARModule.dll
F:\產品\LocaleParser\LocaleParser\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.VRModule.dll
F:\產品\LocaleParser\LocaleParser\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.InputModule.dll
F:\產品\LocaleParser\LocaleParser\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.TerrainModule.dll
F:\產品\LocaleParser\LocaleParser\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.TilemapModule.dll
F:\產品\LocaleParser\LocaleParser\bin\Debug\UnityEngine.VideoModule.dll
