c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LocaleParser\LocaleParser\bin\Release\LocaleParser.exe.config
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LocaleParser\LocaleParser\bin\Release\LocaleParser.exe.manifest
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LocaleParser\LocaleParser\bin\Release\LocaleParser.application
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LocaleParser\LocaleParser\bin\Release\LocaleParser.exe
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LocaleParser\LocaleParser\bin\Release\LocaleParser.pdb
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LocaleParser\LocaleParser\bin\Release\Assembly-CSharp-firstpass.dll
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LocaleParser\LocaleParser\bin\Release\ICSharpCode.SharpZipLib.dll
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LocaleParser\LocaleParser\bin\Release\NPOI.dll
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LocaleParser\LocaleParser\bin\Release\NPOI.OOXML.dll
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LocaleParser\LocaleParser\bin\Release\NPOI.OpenXml4Net.dll
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LocaleParser\LocaleParser\bin\Release\NPOI.OpenXmlFormats.dll
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LocaleParser\LocaleParser\bin\Release\NPOI.xml
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LocaleParser\LocaleParser\obj\Release\LocaleParser.FrmMain.resources
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LocaleParser\LocaleParser\obj\Release\LocaleParser.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LocaleParser\LocaleParser\obj\Release\LocaleParser.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LocaleParser\LocaleParser\obj\Release\LocaleParser.TrustInfo.xml
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LocaleParser\LocaleParser\obj\Release\LocaleParser.exe.manifest
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LocaleParser\LocaleParser\obj\Release\LocaleParser.application
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LocaleParser\LocaleParser\obj\Release\LocaleParser.exe
c:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LocaleParser\LocaleParser\obj\Release\LocaleParser.pdb
D:\LocaleParser\LocaleParser\bin\Release\TosPatcher.exe.config
D:\LocaleParser\LocaleParser\bin\Release\TosPatcher.exe.manifest
D:\LocaleParser\LocaleParser\bin\Release\TosPatcher.application
D:\LocaleParser\LocaleParser\bin\Release\TosPatcher.exe
D:\LocaleParser\LocaleParser\bin\Release\TosPatcher.pdb
D:\LocaleParser\LocaleParser\bin\Release\Assembly-CSharp-firstpass.dll
D:\LocaleParser\LocaleParser\bin\Release\ICSharpCode.SharpZipLib.dll
D:\LocaleParser\LocaleParser\bin\Release\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
D:\LocaleParser\LocaleParser\bin\Release\NPOI.dll
D:\LocaleParser\LocaleParser\bin\Release\NPOI.OOXML.dll
D:\LocaleParser\LocaleParser\bin\Release\NPOI.OpenXml4Net.dll
D:\LocaleParser\LocaleParser\bin\Release\NPOI.OpenXmlFormats.dll
D:\LocaleParser\LocaleParser\bin\Release\Newtonsoft.Json.pdb
D:\LocaleParser\LocaleParser\bin\Release\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
D:\LocaleParser\LocaleParser\bin\Release\NPOI.xml
D:\LocaleParser\LocaleParser\obj\Release\LocaleParser.FrmMain.resources
D:\LocaleParser\LocaleParser\obj\Release\LocaleParser.FrmPatcher.resources
D:\LocaleParser\LocaleParser\obj\Release\LocaleParser.Properties.Resources.resources
D:\LocaleParser\LocaleParser\obj\Release\LocaleParser.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
D:\LocaleParser\LocaleParser\obj\Release\TosPatcher.TrustInfo.xml
D:\LocaleParser\LocaleParser\obj\Release\TosPatcher.exe.manifest
D:\LocaleParser\LocaleParser\obj\Release\TosPatcher.application
D:\LocaleParser\LocaleParser\obj\Release\TosPatcher.exe
D:\LocaleParser\LocaleParser\obj\Release\TosPatcher.pdb
C:\Users\Alex\Downloads\LocaleParser\LocaleParser\bin\Release\TosPatcher.exe.config
C:\Users\Alex\Downloads\LocaleParser\LocaleParser\obj\Release\TosPatcher.exe
C:\Users\Alex\Downloads\LocaleParser\LocaleParser\obj\Release\TosPatcher.pdb
